#summary FAQ for Diamond

= FAQ =

Look here first to see if your question has already been answered.
<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

==Q. Where has my Imported TV gone==
===A. It's now under TV - Recordings - All Recordings etc...===
  In TV you still have the default Sagetv options to create new Recording Views. There are 4 by default (All Recordings, Current Recordings, Archived Recordings, and Recorded Movies) 

  From the main menu go to TV/Recordings/All Recordings and select. Then hit escape (or option button) and then go to Menu Options, change the "Number of Views" to 5. Go all the way back out to the main menu and the go to the new TV/Recordings/"Recording View 5" and select. Hit escape (or option button) then go back to Menu Options, you will now see an option to rename the "recording view 5" go ahead and rename it "Imported TV". Exit back to the new "Imported TV" view. Go into options again and this time select "Filtering" and then change the Imported TV option to be "Only Imported TV", you should now have all "Imported TV" showing in your own custom TV view that uses the Banners or Simplified Banner view.

  Or if you don't use one of the others you can rename it and just adjust the filters to only show the Imported TV.

  [http://code.google.com/p/sagediamond/wiki/DiamondInformation#TV/Recordings_Views Wiki info here]

==Q. Where is the TV Main Menu Item==
===A. Make sure you are using the SageTV 7.1.x Beta or...===
  * make sure the TV menu item is turned on in Diamond Options - [http://code.google.com/p/sagediamond/wiki/DiamondInformation#Main_Menu_Mods Wiki]
  * make sure you are running SageTV 7.1.x beta or above
  * make sure you have all other Menu Mod type plugins disabled or uninstalled
  * try a quick restart of SageTV (server, client etc)

==Q. Where are my Recorded Movies==
===A. You have some choices... check here....===
  If you are using Diamond v3 it filters recorded movies out of recordings and into the Movies/Video views by default as the TV views do not lend well to displaying Movie information.
  * Use Videos and then one of the 'Diamond' views such as Wall, Flow, List Flow, or Categories [http://code.google.com/p/sagediamond/wiki/DiamondInformation#General_Options Wiki]
  * Switch to the Diamond 'Movie'view and then create a custom Wall, Flow, or List Flow View [http://code.google.com/p/sagediamond/wiki/DiamondInformation#Main_Menu_Mods Wiki]
  * Show Recorded Movies in the TV/Recording Views
    * look at the Filters in the Options panel of the Recorded Movies View (or other Recording Views).  Make sure that Recorded Movies is filtered to be included. [http://code.google.com/p/sagediamond/wiki/DiamondInformation#Standard_Diamond_TV/Recordings_View Wiki]